****PORK STRIPS BISTEK (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fNMe8p8ANPQ&t=4s)
Kuya Fern's Cooking (https://www.youtube.com/@KuyaFernsCooking)

Ingredients
oil
2pcs chopped onions (white or red)
1 head chopped garlic
1 1/2 kg Pork belly sliced into strips
5 tbsp soy sauce
5 tbsp oyster sauce
Water enough to submerge the meat
5 tbsp calamansi juice
Red onion cut into rings
Salt and pepper


Instruction:
1. On a hot pan put some oil and saute the chopped onions on high flame for about 20sec.
2. Add the garlic  amd continue sauteing for another 10sec. 
3. Add all the sliced pork belly and continue sauteing.
4. Once a little brown, add salt and pepper.
5. Continue to sauteing and let the fat render.
6. Once you see the tost marks on the meat, add the soy sauce and oyster sauce. 
7. Add enough water to submerge the meat once the soy sauce and oyster sauce are reduced and you see more fat being rendered.
8. Deglaze the pan. (srcape the tosted sauce on the side of the pan and encorporate it into the water)
9. Add calamansi juice and bay leaves. Cover.
10. Once boiling, set the flame to low and slow cook.
11. When the meat is soft and tender, Empty the pan. (separate the meat from the sauce.)
12. On the same pan, put a spoon of the sauce and a little bit of oil.
13. Put the meat back and saute on a mideum high heat.
14. Continue pan frying. Add sauce when needed.
15. After pan fying, add the remaining sauce back. set to low flame and mix.
16. Top with red onion rings. Mix and cover.
17. Turn off the flame when the sauce is reduced. Enjoy!



*****TOCHONG BANGUS (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PstpBUdQ4QA&t=2s)
Kuya Fern's Cooking (https://www.youtube.com/@KuyaFernsCooking)

Ingredients
oil
270g tofu sliced into cubes
1 1/4 kg milkfish (bangus)
salt and pepper
2 chopped onions
8 cloves chopped garlic
Ginger (sliced)
2 chopped red tomatoes
100g strained salted black beans (tausi)
80g mashed tahure (fermented bean curd)
1 tbsp oyster sauce
1 tbsp oyster sauce
3 cups water (add more as needed)
3-4 tbsp light brown sugar (depending on preferred sweetness)
1 1/2 tbsp vinegar
slurry (1Tbsp cornstarch dissolved in 1Tbsp water) optional


Instruction:
Heat the oil up for deep frying.
Deep fry the tofu. Set aside.
Put Bangus in a bowl, salt and mix.
To the same oil, fry the fish. Once fried, Set aside.
On a different pan with oil, saute onions on high flame for about 20sec. 
Add the garlic and continue sauteing for 10mins.
Add ginger and saute for 30sec.
Add tomatoes until mashed.
Add the stained tausi saute for another 30sec.
Add tahure and continue to saute on medium flame.
Add oyster sauce and soy sauce.
Once reduced, add water. Deglaze the pan. 
Add pepper, sugar and vinegar. Cook fro about 8 minutes or until the vinegar taste milder. 
Add the slurry.
Once the sauce is thicker, add the fried bangus. Cook for about 3-5 minutes on low flame.
Flip the fish to the other side.
Add fried tofu. Mix gently and turn off the flame. Enjoy.



 ****BEEF CALDERETA (https://www.casabaluartefilipinorecipes.com/2019/07/beef-kaldereta.html)
CASA BALUARTE FILIPINO RECIPES (https://www.casabaluartefilipinorecipes.com/)

Ingredients
2 lbs beef chuck or any beef cut with at least 20% fat
4 cups water
3 tbsp canola oil
1 medium potato, cut into bite size pieces
1 large carrot, cut into bite size pieces
5 cloves of garlic, chopped
1 large onion, sliced
1/2 cup chopped pork liver or liver spread (pate)
1 tbsp soy sauce
1/2 tsp ground black pepper
2 bay leaves
1 tbsp sugar
1/2 tsp salt or to taste
1 cup tomato sauce
1 cup beef broth (from boiling the beef)
1 medium red bell pepper, sliced
1/2 cup snow peas


Instruction:
Using a pressure cooker or an Instant Pot, add water and beef. Cook for 15-20 minutes or until beef is tender. Remove beef from broth and save a cup for later use. 
In a deep pan, heat and add canola oil. Cook potatoes for few minutes. Add carrots and cook for few more minutes. Remove and set aside. 
Using the same pan, Saute garlic and onion until limp. Add chopped liver and cook for few minutes. Add boiled beef and stir. Cook for few minutes. Season with soy sauce, ground pepper, and stir. Add bay leaves and return fried potatoes and carrots to the pan. Stir and add sugar and salt to taste. 
Pour-in tomato sauce and beef broth. Stir well to combine all ingredients. Add bell peppers and cover pan. Simmer for 10-15 minutes or until sauce starts to thickens. Add more broth or water if needed. 
Taste to see if more salt or fish sauce is needed. Add snow peas to the pan and stir gently. Allow to cook for few minutes. Turn off the heat and serve hot with steamed rice. Enjoy! 


















CATEGORIES:
Breakfast
MAIN DISH
SOUP
DESSERT
KAKANIN
DRINKS
noodles
CHICKEN
PORK
BEEF
SEAFOOD
VEGETABLES














CopyCat Recipes

Olive Garden Alfrefdo Sauce by @raphaelgomesx (tiktok)
Ingredients:
	3 oz butter
	1 tbsp Garlic
	2 tbsp all purpose flour
	1 1/2 cup milk
	1 1/2 cup heavy cream
	1 cup parmesan cheese, grated
	1 cup Romano cheese, grated
	Salt and pepper to taste
Instruction:
	1. In a preheated pan, saute the butter and garlic 	for one minute.
	2. Add all the reamaining ingredients
	3. Add Pasta.

tiktok link:

Tag: alfredo sauce, olive garden, alfredo pasta, easy recipe, pasta, sauce, copycat







Olive Garden Pizza Rustica Sauce by @raphaelgomesx (tiktok)
Ingredients:
	7 1/2 cups all purpose flour
	1 packet dry active yeast
	2 1/2 cups water, warm (90F-110F)
	1/2 tbsp +1 tsp salt
	2 tbsp extra virgin olive oil
	eggplant, peeld and sliced into very thin slices
	16 cloves fresh garlic cloves
	thin slices prosciutto ham
	fresh mozzarella cheese, cut into slices
	tbsp pesto

Instructions:
	1. In a bowl with warm water, add in the yeast. Stir.
	2. After 5 minutes, add salt and 1 tbsp olive oil. 
	3. Add the flour one cup at a time. Mix, using a 	standing mixer or you can also do it by hand. 
	4. Cover with dry towel and leave for 1 hr to rise. 
	5. In a baking pan add all the garlic and the 	remaining olive oil then cover in foil.
	6. Bake for 45 mins in 350F.
	7. Get the dough. Divide into 4 pieces.
	8. Flatten 1 of the doughs in a circle using a rolling 	pin. (doesn't need to be perfect)
	9. Top the dough with mozella, eggplant slices and the 	baked garlic.
	10. Bake for 6 mins in 550F.
	11. Top with the prosciuttos and dallops of pesto. 
	12. Slice and eat. Enjoy!


	


































































